<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="changing_effective_date" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Changing Effective Date in VMS (Moving Date Forward in Time)</title>
  <shortdesc>Procedure for Processors to change a member's policy effective date to a later date in the Vantage Membership Service (VMS).</shortdesc>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq>
      <p>Effective dates must be the first of the month.</p>
    </prereq>
    <context>
      <note type="important">Customer Advocates (CAs) must refer to the RMO Workaround Pending Member Inquiries for On Off Marketplace procedure instead of using the steps below.</note>
      <p>Use these steps to change a member's effective date to a later date in VMS.</p>
    </context>
    <steps>
      <step><cmd>Open the Customer Service Inquiry panel.</cmd>
        <info>In the VMS menu bar, click Processing &gt; Customer Service. Select 'Effective Date change' as the Inquiry Reason and enter the member's ID.</info>
      </step>
      <step><cmd>Change the effective date for the Primary Insured and all Dependents.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep><cmd>Modify the Eligibility Coverage (medical and dental) effective date to the new date. This includes the Effective Date, Product Effective Date, and Original Effective Date (if applicable).</cmd></substep>
          <substep><cmd>Modify the Ancillary Coverage Info effective date to the new date.</cmd></substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      <step><cmd>Update the effective dates for related records.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep><cmd>Modify the policy Broker Assignment effective date.</cmd></substep>
          <substep><cmd>Modify the active Funding Assignments effective date.</cmd></substep>
          <substep><cmd>Modify the Contacts effective date.</cmd></substep>
          <substep><cmd>Modify the Subsidy Maintenance effective date (if a record exists).</cmd></substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      <step><cmd>Request new ID cards for non-HMO members.</cmd>
        <info>HMO member ID cards will be automatically generated after the PCP is updated.</info>
      </step>
      <step><cmd>Finish the Customer Service Inquiry and send a confirmation letter.</cmd>
        <info>Click 'Finish Inquiry', select 'Closed on First Contact', and follow the RMO Workaround Creating Free Form Correspondence in CUI procedure.</info>
      </step>
      <step><cmd>If an HMO policy, update the effective date on the member's providers using the RMO Changing a Provider procedure.</cmd></step>
    </steps>
    <result>The member's policy effective date is successfully moved forward in VMS across all relevant coverage and assignment records.</result>
  </taskbody>
</task>
